Add option for formatting with spaces between function names and arguments (#839)
JohnnyMorganz/StyLua: README.md

| `call_parentheses`          | `Always`           | Whether parentheses should be applied on function calls with a single string/table argument. Possible options: `Always`, `NoSingleString`, `NoSingleTable`, `None`, `Input`. `Always` applies parentheses in all cases. `NoSingleString` omits parentheses on calls with a single string argument. Similarly, `NoSingleTable` omits parentheses on calls with a single table argument. `None` omits parentheses in both cases. Note: parentheses are still kept in situations where removal can lead to obscurity (e.g. `foo "bar".setup -> foo("bar").setup`, since the index is on the call result, not the string). `Input` removes all automation and preserves parentheses only if they were present in input code: consistency is not enforced. |

> | `space_after_fuctions` | `Never`            | Specify whether to add a space beetween the function name and parentheses. Possible options: `Never`, `Definitions`, `Calls`, or `Always`                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `space_after_functions` | `Never`            | Specify whether to add a space between the function name and parentheses. Possible options: `Never`, `Definitions`, `Calls`, or `Always`                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              |
```

quote_style = "AutoPreferDouble"
call_parentheses = "Always"
collapse_simple_statement = "Never"

> space_after_fuctions = "Never"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
space_after_functions = "Never"
```
